Document `starknet_artifacts.json` file (#454)
software-mansion/scarb: website/pages/docs/starknet/contract-target.mdx

CASM contract classes can be still executed on the legacy Python-based Cairo VM, under condition that they include Python version of hints generated by Sierra, which now is an optional feature.
The off by default `casm-add-pythonic-hints{:toml}` property enables Scarb to add it to produced artifacts.

## Starknet Artifacts

As part of building Starknet contracts, contract target generates a `<package_name>.starknet_artifacts.json` file
containing a machine-readable data about built artifacts.

Version 1 of this file has a structure like this:

```json
{
  "version": 1,
  "contracts": [
    {
      "id": "<opaque>",
      "package_name": "mypackage",
      "contract_name": "Contract2",
      "artifacts": {
        "sierra": "mypackage_Contract2.sierra.json",
        "casm": null
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "<opaque>",
      "package_name": "mypackage",
      "contract_name": "Contract1",
      "artifacts": {
        "sierra": "mypackage_Contract1.sierra.json",
        "casm": null
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> - `"package_id"` is an identifier of the item in `"contracts"` list. Use it to reference items, as it has the highest chance of being a unique value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `id` is an identifier of the item in `"contracts"` list. Use it to reference items, as it has the highest chance of being a unique value.
```

> - `package_name` is the name of the package defined in `Scarb.toml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `package_name` is the name of the package defined in `Scarb.toml`.
```

> - `"contract_name` uses the name of a contract module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `contract_name` is the name of a contract module.
```

> - `"artifacts"` paths are relative to the Scarb build directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `artifacts` paths are relative to this file path.
```
